DOCS-3095 Run Synthetic Tests from Private Locations & Private Locations Advanced Configuration Edits (#12966)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/private_locations/_index.md

{{< /tabs >}}

> #### Additional configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Additional healthcheck configurations
```

> If you require a healthcheck endpoint, enable the readiness and liveness probes on Port `8080` in your private location deployment. For more information, see [Advanced configurations][15].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your container orchestrator of choice requires a healthcheck endpoint, enable private location status probes on port `8080` in your private location deployment. For more information, see [Advanced configurations][15].
```
